meghan markle often touches her hair and
you can see it in her photos
this soothing gesture helps her calm
down when there's way too much attention
around her
another trick she uses is tucking her
chin down this creates a sort of shield
that protects her
etiquette experts claim one of the
things that makes people like us
is looking approachable carry your
handbag in the left hand
your right hand should always be ready
for a handshake
it's not convenient to have to switch
hands at the moment when you need to
greet a person
another trick to seem more sociable at a
party is to always hold a drink
this way people will be more likely to
come up to you to chat
when you enter a party the chances are
all eyes will be on you
to come across as friendly and
accessible slightly widen your eyes
and when you're smiling keep your mouth
open a bit
that's what megan does all the time
smiling is important if you want to look
cute in photos
but even though megan always smiles
she's constantly making an effort
not to do it too widely two big smiles
can seem a bit forced and unnatural
and don't look pretty in photos one more
trick to look good in photos is to relax
a few deep breaths are usually enough to
relieve tension
if you feel a bit awkward and don't know
where to place your hands
hold a bag act natural and say queen
another technique is used not only by
megan most psychologists
recommend repeating the name of the
person you're talking to
there may be hundreds of guests at a
party but if you say someone's name
while talking to them
it'll make them feel special to get more
people to like you
try a mirroring technique it's all about
reflecting and repeating the body
language of the person you're chatting
with
people tend to feel more comfortable
when someone copies their gestures
just don't overdo it body language is
important for communication
and keeping a good posture is one of the
key points of etiquette
meghan markle has an impeccable posture
when she walks
she holds her chin parallel to the floor
and her shoulders are rolled back all
the time
when she sits she keeps her legs crossed
which is good for keeping a nice posture
a good stance is important for great
photos point one leg out
and tilt the opposite hip to the side
now angle your head a bit down
and to the left or right whatever works
best for you
ta-da you've got the stance megan and
many other celebrities use to pose
when you choose an outfit for the camera
opt for a bright color that will pop in
the picture
it'll also help if your clothes
accentuate your ways
complementing those around you is a good
way to make people like you
and it works better than you might think
psychologists claim that everything we
say
influences the way people perceive us
when you give a compliment and say
someone's stunning they subconsciously
start thinking that you're a good person
and if you complain about someone not
being nice people might conclude that in
fact
you're not that great so be careful with
your words
many people can subconsciously feel the
mood of those around them
that's why if you want your friends to
feel comfortable when they're with you
try to be cheerful if you send out
positive vibes
people will instantly like you just
because they feel good when you're
around
there's a theory that people judge each
other based on two main things
warmth and competence if you want people
to like you
try to show that you're warm friendly
and aren't going to compete
another thing that matters is competence
it can be your education
job or whatnot but first you need to
show your warmth
and only after that competence the
sequence is crucial
especially if you want to apply this
technique at work
expect good things from people if you
think someone's not
friendly you'll behave in a way that
will reveal the least attractive
qualities of this person
after that they aren't likely to be kind
to you
but if you show friendliness people will
treat you more nicely
nobody likes mr or mrs perfect let alone
the fact
perfection doesn't exist so show how
imperfect you are from time to time it
turns out people tend to like more
those folks who sometimes make mistakes
here's one cool experiment proving this
fact a group of students
needed to rate how likable someone was
they watched several videos of people
taking a quiz
surprisingly those who didn't nail it
were rated higher than those who passed
the test with flying colors
some extra points went to the person who
had spilled his coffee at the end of the
quiz
sure you don't need to do the same just
don't be afraid to seem vulnerable
it's usually not a good idea to touch
strangers
but a subtle barely noticeable contact
can make people feel better about you
when you're talking with them
you can tap them on the back or touch
their arm but only lightly
an experiment showed that waitresses who
use this technique while giving back the
change
got larger tips to make someone like you
more
tell them a secret it can be some
personal information
but not something that could be used
against you it works both ways
but your new friend must be sure you
won't spill the beans
trustworthiness is as vital as loyalty
and honesty
casual questions like what's your
favorite season are okay
but tell me about your first love can
help you get to know this person better
in any case be careful with such
questions and go ahead only if you're
sure
they won't hurt anyone's feelings
emotionless people seem less trustworthy
than those who show what they feel
it doesn't mean you need to throw temper
tantrums just be sincere and don't
bottle up your feelings
curiously if you're too nice and
selfless people might be unwilling to
work or make friends with you
it may sound weird but those who are too
sweet often make others feel inferior
they can also come across as insincere
not smiling is a big mistake but adding
a smile emoji to a formal letter
will most probably make you look
incompetent
try not to do that even if you want to
appear warm and friendly
it's better to choose the right words
and leave your smile for offline life
your behavior on the internet forms the
overall impression people have about you
don't share too many photos on social
media a recent study has shown that
people
usually don't relate well to those who
over share their private life
how long your social media friend list
is matters too
most people find it suspicious when it's
too long or too short
one more study has revealed that the
perfect number to seem friendly
but not too much is about 300 people
those users who had under 100 people on
their list
had a pretty low likability rating
people with more than 300 people had a
slightly better result
but many research participants saw them
as way too
focused on social media and looking for
popularity
going to extremes is also a turn off not
sharing
any personal information is as bad as
over sharing it
close up profile pictures are another
thing that can irritate people
one study proved that photos taken from
a distance of one
foot made people seem less competent and
less attractive
than those taken from at least four feet
it's probably because close-up images
are somewhat distorted and look a bit
smashed
my what a big nose you have
now honesty is one of the most likable
things out there
so humble bragging is another big no-no
let's say you're at an interview trying
to land a job
in this case saying that working hard is
your weakness is a terrible idea
instead offer something not related to
the position in question
it'll make you look more sincere you
won't hide your weaknesses
but there won't be any false modesty
a proper handshake is your chance to
make a good first impression
if your handshake is firm people are
more likely to perceive you
as an outgoing and sociable person
people with a firm handshake are also
more likely to get a job put her there
pal